Ms. Sanchez, you wish to leave your 10% of the shares and all the money in the bank account to Mr. Sanchez.
Is that correct?
Who the hell are you?
So, you text me to come back for one, to parade another man, a stranger in front of me in my own house?
Is that right? How long?
Have you two been together?
Mr. Sanchez, I am a lawyer. I represent Ms. Sanchez in your divorce case.
Divorce? I wouldn't get the hell out of my house now.
Why do you want this divorce so badly?
Our two-year contract is up.
I believe I've paid off my family's debt to yours.
I've honored the agreement with your grandmother by becoming her wife and I'm exhausted.
I don't love you anymore.
And I don't think you love me either.
Please, just let me go.